README.md, before:

# List your day, a to-do list app

## Design

As always i went with something colorful and dark themed, withh apps like this it would be ideal to add a theme picked for the user to personalize, I kept the color theme consistent
throughout for a cohesive experience.

I went for the two list style, one list is the to-do list and another is a list of completed tasks, the user can then decide to delete the task or complete it, with the option to later restore it to the main list. I felt like sorting the lists was a must have feature for an app like this so i went with a simple sort.

# Features

- Add tasks with a name (required since its the title), a description is optional as sometimes just the name is enough and a date the task is due.
- The tasks in both lists collapse down for a compact look and extend when clicked.
- Users can edit tasks that are in the main list at any time.
- Users can delete tasks from both lists.
- Users can click a complete button to move a task from the main list and add it to the completed list for easier organization.
- Both lists can be sorted independently for quickly finding tasks.
- Tasks in the competed list can be restored by clicking the restore button to add that task back into the main list.
- The app is responsive for mobile and desktop.
- The navbar is fixed to the top.
- Users can click the title in the nav bar to return to the top of the page at any time.

Link to live page: [https://tiny-b.github.io/list-my-day/](https://tiny-b.github.io/list-my-day/)

Commit message:

Update README with task button and duplicate detection info
Added information about disabled create task button and duplicate task detection.

README.md, after:

# List your day, a to-do list app

## Design

As always i went with something colorful and dark themed, withh apps like this it would be ideal to add a theme picked for the user to personalize, I kept the color theme consistent
throughout for a cohesive experience.

I went for the two list style, one list is the to-do list and another is a list of completed tasks, the user can then decide to delete the task or complete it, with the option to later restore it to the main list. I felt like sorting the lists was a must have feature for an app like this so i went with a simple sort.

# Features

- Add tasks with a name (required since its the title), a description is optional as sometimes just the name is enough and a date the task is due.
- The tasks in both lists collapse down for a compact look and extend when clicked.
- Users can edit tasks that are in the main list at any time.
- Users can delete tasks from both lists.
- Users can click a complete button to move a task from the main list and add it to the completed list for easier organization.
- Both lists can be sorted independently for quickly finding tasks.
- Tasks in the competed list can be restored by clicking the restore button to add that task back into the main list.
- The app is responsive for mobile and desktop.
- The navbar is fixed to the top.
- Users can click the title in the nav bar to return to the top of the page at any time.
- Disabled create task button when no input is in the required field.
- Detects duplicate tasks

Link to live page: [https://tiny-b.github.io/list-my-day/](https://tiny-b.github.io/list-my-day/)
